then the Lord spoke to Moses command the
then the Lord spoke to Moses command the children of Israel and say to them when
children of Israel and say to them when
children of Israel and say to them when you come into the land of Canaan this is
you come into the land of Canaan this is
you come into the land of Canaan this is the land that shall fall to you as an
the land that shall fall to you as an
the land that shall fall to you as an inheritance the land of Canaan to its
inheritance the land of Canaan to its
inheritance the land of Canaan to its boundaries your southern border shall be
boundaries your southern border shall be
boundaries your southern border shall be from the wilderness of zin along the
from the wilderness of zin along the
from the wilderness of zin along the border of Eden then your southern border
border of Eden then your southern border
border of Eden then your southern border shall extend eastward to the end of the
shall extend eastward to the end of the
shall extend eastward to the end of the salt sea your border shall turn from the
salt sea your border shall turn from the
salt sea your border shall turn from the southern side of the ascent of a crabbin
southern side of the ascent of a crabbin
southern side of the ascent of a crabbin continue to Zin and beyond the South of
continue to Zin and beyond the South of
continue to Zin and beyond the South of Kadesh Barnea then it shall go on to
Kadesh Barnea then it shall go on to
Kadesh Barnea then it shall go on to Heiser Adam and continue to Asma the
Heiser Adam and continue to Asma the
Heiser Adam and continue to Asma the border shall turn from asmin to the
border shall turn from asmin to the
border shall turn from asmin to the brook of Egypt and it shall end at the
brook of Egypt and it shall end at the
brook of Egypt and it shall end at the scene as for the western border you
scene as for the western border you
scene as for the western border you shall have the Great Sea for a border
shall have the Great Sea for a border
shall have the Great Sea for a border this shall be your western border and
this shall be your western border and
this shall be your western border and this shall be your northern border from
this shall be your northern border from
this shall be your northern border from the Great Sea you shall mark out your
the Great Sea you shall mark out your
the Great Sea you shall mark out your border line to mount halt from mount
border line to mount halt from mount
border line to mount halt from mount halt you shall mark out your border to
halt you shall mark out your border to
halt you shall mark out your border to the entrance of Haman's then the
the entrance of Haman's then the
the entrance of Haman's then the direction of the border shall be towards
direction of the border shall be towards
direction of the border shall be towards zealand the border shall proceed to
zealand the border shall proceed to
zealand the border shall proceed to zip-front
zip-front
zip-front and it shall end at heiser ena this
and it shall end at heiser ena this
and it shall end at heiser ena this shall be your northern border you shall
shall be your northern border you shall
shall be your northern border you shall mark out your eastern border from Heiser
mark out your eastern border from Heiser
mark out your eastern border from Heiser 'man
'man
'man - shifu
- shifu
- shifu the border shall go down from sheaf em -
the border shall go down from sheaf em -
the border shall go down from sheaf em - rib lay on the east side of aid the
rib lay on the east side of aid the
rib lay on the east side of aid the border shall go down and reach to the
border shall go down and reach to the
border shall go down and reach to the eastern side of the sea of kynareth the
eastern side of the sea of kynareth the
eastern side of the sea of kynareth the border shall go down along the Jordan
border shall go down along the Jordan
border shall go down along the Jordan and it shall end at the salt sea this
and it shall end at the salt sea this
and it shall end at the salt sea this shall be your land with its surrounding
shall be your land with its surrounding
shall be your land with its surrounding boundaries then Moses commanded the
boundaries then Moses commanded the
boundaries then Moses commanded the children of Israel this is the land
children of Israel this is the land
children of Israel this is the land which you shall inherit by luck which
which you shall inherit by luck which
which you shall inherit by luck which the Lord has commanded to give to the
the Lord has commanded to give to the
the Lord has commanded to give to the nine tribes into the half tribe of the
nine tribes into the half tribe of the
nine tribes into the half tribe of the tribe of the children of Reuben
tribe of the children of Reuben
tribe of the children of Reuben according to the house of their fathers
according to the house of their fathers
according to the house of their fathers and the tribe of the children of GAD
and the tribe of the children of GAD
and the tribe of the children of GAD according to the house of their fathers
according to the house of their fathers
according to the house of their fathers have received their inheritance and the
have received their inheritance and the
have received their inheritance and the half tribe of Manasseh has received its
half tribe of Manasseh has received its
half tribe of Manasseh has received its inheritance the two tribes and a half
inheritance the two tribes and a half
inheritance the two tribes and a half tribe have received their inheritance on
tribe have received their inheritance on
tribe have received their inheritance on this side of the Jordan across from
this side of the Jordan across from
this side of the Jordan across from Jericho eastward toward the sunrise and
Jericho eastward toward the sunrise and
Jericho eastward toward the sunrise and the Lord spoke to Moses these are the
the Lord spoke to Moses these are the
the Lord spoke to Moses these are the names of the men who shall divide the
names of the men who shall divide the
names of the men who shall divide the land among you as an inheritance Eleazar
land among you as an inheritance Eleazar
land among you as an inheritance Eleazar the priest and Joshua the son of nun and
the priest and Joshua the son of nun and
the priest and Joshua the son of nun and you shall take one leader of every tribe
you shall take one leader of every tribe
you shall take one leader of every tribe to divide the land for the inheritance
to divide the land for the inheritance
to divide the land for the inheritance these are the names of the men from the
these are the names of the men from the
these are the names of the men from the tribe of Judah Caleb the son of
tribe of Judah Caleb the son of
tribe of Judah Caleb the son of Jephunneh from the tribe of the children
Jephunneh from the tribe of the children
Jephunneh from the tribe of the children of Simeon Shem um the son of a mind from
of Simeon Shem um the son of a mind from
of Simeon Shem um the son of a mind from the tribe of Benjamin allied and the son
the tribe of Benjamin allied and the son
the tribe of Benjamin allied and the son of Kislev
of Kislev
of Kislev a leader from the tribe of the children
a leader from the tribe of the children
a leader from the tribe of the children of Dan Baca the son of Jordan from the
of Dan Baca the son of Jordan from the
of Dan Baca the son of Jordan from the sons of Joseph a leader from the tribe
sons of Joseph a leader from the tribe
sons of Joseph a leader from the tribe of the children of Manasseh Haniel the
of the children of Manasseh Haniel the
of the children of Manasseh Haniel the son of ephod and a leader from the tribe
son of ephod and a leader from the tribe
son of ephod and a leader from the tribe of the children of Ephraim camula the
of the children of Ephraim camula the
of the children of Ephraim camula the son of shiftin a leader from the tribe
son of shiftin a leader from the tribe
son of shiftin a leader from the tribe of the children of Zebulun Ella's affirm
of the children of Zebulun Ella's affirm
of the children of Zebulun Ella's affirm the son of panic a leader from the tribe
the son of panic a leader from the tribe
the son of panic a leader from the tribe of the children of Issachar Pelletier
of the children of Issachar Pelletier
of the children of Issachar Pelletier the son of Azzam a leader from the tribe
the son of Azzam a leader from the tribe
the son of Azzam a leader from the tribe of the children of Asher a hired the son
of the children of Asher a hired the son
of the children of Asher a hired the son of Shalom on and a leader from the tribe
of Shalom on and a leader from the tribe
of Shalom on and a leader from the tribe of the children of NAFTA line ped ahem
of the children of NAFTA line ped ahem
of the children of NAFTA line ped ahem the son of a my heart these are the ones
the son of a my heart these are the ones
the son of a my heart these are the ones the LORD commanded to divide the
the LORD commanded to divide the
the LORD commanded to divide the inheritance among the children of Israel
inheritance among the children of Israel
inheritance among the children of Israel in the land of Canaan